---
author:
  - Ming-Jie Kuo
category: blog
date: 2024-03-04
title: "sciwork January 2024 review: weekly meetup and Hsinchu scisprint"
description: "In the January meetup, Yung-Yu introduced the CESE method, which is
utilized in the modmesh project to
solve the fluid dynamics problem. This provided modmesh members with a
deeper understanding of using numerical methods to solve the partial
differential equations."

---

## Weekly Meetup

In the January meetup, Yung-Yu introduced the CESE method, which is
utilized in the [modmesh project](https://github.com/solvcon/modmesh) to
solve the fluid dynamics problem. This provided modmesh members with a
deeper understanding of using numerical methods to solve the partial
differential equations. Meanwhile, Ming-Jie delved into researching the
CESE method. In addition, Kuan-Wei Chiu and Chun-Shih joined the modmesh
team and actively contributed to solve CI-related issues and offering
valuable assistance to the project\'s progress.

## Hsinchu Scisprint

We also have a series of developments at January scisprint. Li-Hsuan
created new promotional pictures to improve the promotional effect on
social media. New member joined the uTensor team and successfully
advanced the progress of Python binding. pyLiteracy developed a new GUI
interface that effectively highlights grammar errors in articles, and
meng joined the pyLiteracy team to learn how to check the grammar errors
with the pyLiteracy project. Furthermore, modmesh enhanced drawing
capabilities for more effective mesh visualization. The swportal team
archived and organized the sciwork 2023 website during January scisprint
to preserve essential information from the event.

The February meetup frequency will be reduced due to school holidays.
However, ongoing development for each project will continue. We are
prepared to welcome new students to join our community.

You can check the event photos at [https://www.flickr.com/photos/sciwork/albums](https://www.flickr.com/photos/sciwork/albums).

<div className="grid grid-cols-1 gap-3 lg:grid-cols-2">
  <div className="items-center justify-center text-center">
    <a
      data-flickr-embed="true"
      data-header="true"
      data-context="true"
      href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/sciwork/53566496223/in/album-72177720315213806/"
      title="IMG_1100"
    >
      <img
        src="https://live.staticflickr.com/65535/53566496223_d949a3125a_z.jpg"
        width="640"
        height="480"
        alt="IMG_1100"
      />
    </a>
    <script
      async
      src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js"
      charset="utf-8"
    ></script>
    <span>Group Photo</span>
  </div>
  <div className="items-center justify-center text-center">
    <a
      data-flickr-embed="true"
      data-header="true"
      data-context="true"
      href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/sciwork/53565451187/in/album-72177720315213806/"
      title="IMG_1107"
    >
      <img
        src="https://live.staticflickr.com/65535/53565451187_5d32fdedf7_z.jpg"
        width="640"
        height="480"
        alt="IMG_1107"
      />
    </a>
    <script
      async
      src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js"
      charset="utf-8"
    ></script>
    <span>Coding and Discussion</span>
  </div>
</div>
