========================================
Meetup 2024 May 8th in NYCU
========================================

:date: 2024-04-29 22:54
:url: meetup/2024/0508-nycu
:save_as: meetup/2024/0508-nycu.html

Date
-----

* Date: May 8th, 2024
* Time: 18:30 -- 21:30 (3 hours)

|

Agenda
--------

There will be many different subjects discussed at the same time.

* 18:30-19:30 Free discussion
* 19:30-21:30 Subjects discussion

|

Subjects
------------------

sciwork activity process automation discussion
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Meetup events are important within the sciwork community, serving as hubs for discussions and knowledges sharing. 
We are excited to announce a special meetup where we'll delve into the realm of process automation, leveraging 
the power of CI/CD and cutting-edge IT skills to enhance the sciwork event experience. The works are divided into : 

1. Decide the format of the meetup page.
2. Create the sesh event with api or other method.
3. Create the GitHub action to create the meetup page automatically.

We are currently using TextFSM to parse the format of meetup page.

Prepare May Scisprint
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Additionally, we will discuss the following items to prepare `May scisprint <https://sciwork.dev/sprint/2024/05-hsinchu>`__.

* Task arrangement for volunteers
* Promotion plan for May scisprint

|

Sign up
------------

The meetup is free. 
Please register on `discord event <https://discord.com/channels/730297880140578906/1007075707400237067/1236690487499558955>`__. 
Click the green check mark to participate the meetup.

If you are using the discord app, you can find current event in the `meetup channel <https://discordapp.com/channels/730297880140578906/1007075707400237067>`__. 
All recent sciwork event are at the top of the left sidebar.

|

About Meetup
------------

Meetup is an event providing space for people to work on open source
projects together. We welcome any subjects that may interest the attendees,
and especially encourage code for science, engineering, and technology, which
demand more critical discussions than other applications of computer
programming.

We would like to provide a supportive and friendly environment for all
attendees to support more developers to join in the open-source communities.

To join the meetup, please bring your laptop and `sign up <#sign-up>`__. Please
`contact us <#contact-us>`__ if you have any questions.

|

Venue
-----

The meetup venue is at `國立陽明交通大學 工程三館 3 樓 329 室 (Room 329, Engineering Building 3, NYCU) <https://goo.gl/maps/TgDYwohB3CBmQgww9>`__.

.. raw:: html

  <div style="overflow:hidden; padding-bottom:56.25%; position:relative; height:0;">
    <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d905.5596639949631!2d120.99673777209487!3d24.787280157478236!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x3468360f96adabd7%3A0xedfd1ba0fa6c6bf7!2z5ZyL56uL6Zm95piO5Lqk6YCa5aSn5a24IOW3peeoi-S4iemkqA!5e0!3m2!1szh-TW!2stw!4v1678519228058!5m2!1szh-TW!2stw"
      style="left:0; top:0; height:100%; width:100%; position:absolute; border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">
    </iframe>
  </div>

Contact us
----------

* sciwork: https://sciwork.dev/
* discord: https://discord.gg/6MAkFrD
* email: `contact@sciwork.dev (subject: I want to lead a project in scisprint) <mailto:contact@sciwork.dev?subject=[sciwork]%20I%20want%20to%20lead%20a%20project%20in%20scisprint>`__
* flickr: https://www.flickr.com/photos/sciwork/albums