========================================
Meetup 2024 September 4th in NYCU
========================================

:date: 2024-08-27 15:58
:url: meetup/2024/0904-nycu
:save_as: meetup/2024/0904-nycu.html

Date
-----

* Date: September 4th, 2024
* Time: 18:30 -- 21:30 (3 hours)

|

Agenda
--------

There will be many different subjects discussed at the same time.

+-----------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------+------------------------------------+
| Timetable       | Topic 1                  | Topic 2                       | Topic 3                            |
+=================+==========================+===============================+====================================+
| 18:30 ~ 19:30   | Free Chat                                                                                     |
+-----------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------+------------------------------------+
| 19:30 ~ 21:00   | Free Chat                | Modmesh Basic Training        | Modmesh Development Discussion     |
+-----------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------+------------------------------------+
| 21:00 ~ 21:30   | Free Chat                                                                                     |
+-----------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------+------------------------------------+


|

Subjects
------------------

modmesh development discussion
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

In this Meetup, `Chun-Shih <https://github.com/ThreeMonth03?tab=followers>`__ 
will lead the discussion about `issue343 <https://github.com/solvcon/modmesh/issues/343>`__ 
in the `modmesh project <https://github.com/solvcon/modmesh>`__. 

Through participating in the modmesh project discussion, you can develop the following skills:

* Learn how to communicate and contribute to open-source projects.
* Learn the concept of reentrant function.
* Learn to write modern C++, Python, and unit tests.


modmesh basic training
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

If you are interested in the `modmesh project <https://github.com/solvcon/modmesh>`__, 
but you are not familiar with the project, 
we also have a basic training session for you. 

In this session, `Chun-Shih <https://github.com/ThreeMonth03?tab=followers>`__ 
will lead the a basic training for modmesh project, and you can learn the following skills:

1. Setting up and demonstrating modmesh.
2. Basics of Git and GitHub.
3. Writing Pybind11 and Unittest.
4. Fundamentals of CMake, GNU Make, and GitHub Workflow.

Free Chat
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

In this session, we could discuss any topic you are interested in.

Additionally, we will discuss the following items to prepare the upcoming events.

* Task arrangement for volunteers
* Promotion plan for upcoming events

|

Sign up
------------

The meetup is free. 
Please register on `discord event <https://discord.com/channels/730297880140578906/1007075707400237067/1279083158738042996>`__. 
Click the green check mark to participate the meetup.

If you are using the discord app, you can find current event in the `meetup channel <https://discordapp.com/channels/730297880140578906/1007075707400237067>`__. 
All recent sciwork event are at the top of the left sidebar.

|

About Meetup
------------

Meetup is an event providing space for people to work on open source
projects together. We welcome any subjects that may interest the attendees,
and especially encourage code for science, engineering, and technology, which
demand more critical discussions than other applications of computer
programming.

We would like to provide a supportive and friendly environment for all
attendees to support more developers to join in the open-source communities.

To join the meetup, please bring your laptop and `sign up <#sign-up>`__. Please
`contact us <#contact-us>`__ if you have any questions.

|

Venue
-----

The meetup venue is at `國立陽明交通大學 工程三館 3 樓 329 室 (Room 329, Engineering Building 3, NYCU) <https://goo.gl/maps/TgDYwohB3CBmQgww9>`__.

.. raw:: html

  <div style="overflow:hidden; padding-bottom:56.25%; position:relative; height:0;">
    <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d905.5596639949631!2d120.99673777209487!3d24.787280157478236!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x3468360f96adabd7%3A0xedfd1ba0fa6c6bf7!2z5ZyL56uL6Zm95piO5Lqk6YCa5aSn5a24IOW3peeoi-S4iemkqA!5e0!3m2!1szh-TW!2stw!4v1678519228058!5m2!1szh-TW!2stw"
      style="left:0; top:0; height:100%; width:100%; position:absolute; border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">
    </iframe>
  </div>

Contact us
----------

* sciwork: https://sciwork.dev/
* discord: https://discord.gg/6MAkFrD
* email: `contact@sciwork.dev (subject: I want to lead a project in scisprint) <mailto:contact@sciwork.dev?subject=[sciwork]%20I%20want%20to%20lead%20a%20project%20in%20scisprint>`__
* flickr: https://www.flickr.com/photos/sciwork/albums