=====================
Scisprint 2021 August
=====================

:date: 2021-07-31 11:58
:url: sprint/2021/08
:save_as: sprint/2021/08.html

Scisprint 2021 August
=====================

Scisprint is an event gathering people who want to write code for specific
projects.  In the August event, there are the following projects:

* SOLVCON development environment (devenv) https://github.com/solvcon/devenv:
  This project is a set of (Bourne again) shell scripts to align the
  environment for developing `SOLVCON <https://github.com/solvcon>`__ and
  related projects in (Ubuntu) Linux and macOS.
* Automation bot for sciwork discord server https://discord.gg/6MAkFrD .  There
  is not an automated flow for sciwork events.  The event data are added and
  maintained manually through https://github.com/sciwork/swportal, the
  repository of the community web site https://sciwork.dev/ .
* Python-C/C++ Bindgen https://hackmd.io/@vy0m6Zc7Q0WJ0aMT6NdBzw/rySh6Lket:
  This project aim to automatically generate C/C++ structure memory layout at
  compile-time (setup.py) and used in Python to align binary data back
  to C/C++ struct field value. For example, to use C++: `((struct foo *) buffer)->bar`
  in Python like: `foo.align(buf)[0]->bar`.


Registration
------------

Sign up by following the directive at the wiki page:
https://github.com/sciwork/swportal/wiki/2021-August-sprint-sign-up-page .

Date & time
-----------

30th August, Monday, 2021, 19:30 -- 21:30

Agenda
------

Please join `gather.town <https://gather.town/app/yLTe8mBDb8pogMOX/sciwork>`_
on the day of sprint!!

* **19:00 -- 19:30**: Project introduction and discussions
* **19:30 -- 20:30**: Coding hour
* **20:30 -- 21:00**: Summary and plan for next steps

Introduction to sciwork discord bot
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Self-introduction: 2min
* Idea Sharing: 5min
* Concept Demo: 5min
* Discussion: 15min

Requirements
------------

You will need a laptop or VM running either MacOS or Linux.  At the moment the
project does not yet support Windows.

We hold the sprint on the gather.town_. Connection from a laptop or desktop is
recommended. Mobile devices (iPad, iPhone, etc.) do not perform well with
gather.town_.

.. Sponsors
.. --------

Venue
-----

At gather.town_, sciwork

Contact us
----------

* Discord: https://discord.gg/6MAkFrD
* Twitter: `@sciwork <https://twitter.com/sciwork>`__
* Github discussion: https://github.com/solvcon/devenv/discussions
