================================================================
sciwork December 2023 review: weekly meetup and Taipei scisprint
================================================================

:date: 2024-01-06
:author: Ming-Jie Kuo
:category: blog

In December 2023, sciwork hosted two event series, the weekly meetup and the
monthly Scisprint.

Weekly Meetup
-------------
A lot of students from National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University joined the
December meetups to discuss the courses they took and project development. We
did preparational work for sciwork 2023 conference and the December Taipei
scisprint. We also discussed how to automate the flow for organizing sciwork
events and the website deployment.

Taipei Scisprint
----------------
It has been a while since the last time we held an event outside Taipei. It is
encouraging that the December Taipei Scisprint attracted five new friends. Itâ€™s
the first time RockLeon hosted a scisprint, and he did an excellent job at the
new venue.

We are making good progress with the participating projects. Participants with
modmesh successfully installed the code on Windows, showing the capability to
deploy on multiple platforms. uTensor has completed a Python wrapper for the
C++ runtime using pybind11, which already compiles and works on matrix
multiplication.

PyLiteracy fixed a case problem and a logic bug in the Atlas project, and added
a new demo program. pydoc-zhtw has started translating many new documents,
including pathlib, pickletools, copyreg, io, and base64. We also have started
to build Weblate, an open source translation platform to help more people get
involved in translation.

This scisprint is also the beginning of the promotional plan for sciwork events
in 2024, including discussion of images and scheduling. Our efforts over the
past year made the preparation for the event smoother. We are also constantly
thinking about ways to further improve the experience of the event and the
website. There will be more and better events in the new year.

You can check the event photos at https://www.flickr.com/photos/sciwork/albums.

.. raw:: html

    <style>
        .grid-container {
            display: grid;
            grid-template-columns: repeat(2, 1fr); /* Two columns with equal width */
            gap: 10px;                             /* Optional gap between grid items */
            height: 100%;                         /* Adjust the height as needed */
        }

        .grid-item {
            text-align: center;
            align-items: center;
            justify-content: center;
        }

        @media (max-width: 768px) {
            .grid-container {
                grid-template-columns: 1fr;
            }
        }
    </style>
    <div class="grid-container">
        <div class="grid-item">
            <a data-flickr-embed="true" data-header="true" data-context="true" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/sciwork/53441062517/in/album-72177720313810281/" title="DSC06829"><img src="https://live.staticflickr.com/65535/53441062517_71bcc9abf6_k.jpg" width="1920" height="1080" alt="DSC06829"/></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
            <span>Group Photo</span>
        </div>
        <div class="grid-item">
            <a data-flickr-embed="true" data-header="true" data-context="true" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/sciwork/53440981957/in/album-72177720313810281/" title="DSC06746.JPG"><img src="https://live.staticflickr.com/65535/53440981957_d0b6fe000e_k.jpg" width="1920" height="1080" alt="DSC06746.JPG"/></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
            <span>Coding and Discussion</span>
        </div>
    </div>
