========================================
Meetup 2025 April 30th in NYCU
========================================

:date: 2025-04-25 20:09
:url: meetup/2025/0430-nycu
:save_as: meetup/2025/0430-nycu.html

Date
-----

* Date: April 30th, 2025
* Time: 18:30 -- 21:30 (3 hours)

|

Agenda
--------

There will be many different subjects discussed at the same time.

.. raw:: html

   <style>
     .evt-time {
       font-family: 'Yanone Kaffeesatz', arial, serif;
       font-size: 1.1em;
     }
     @media (max-width: 1024px) {
       .evt-time {
         border-left: 2px solid #616161;
         padding-left: 8px;
         border-radius: 2px 0 0 2px;
       }
     }
     .evt-title {
       font-family: 'Yanone Kaffeesatz', arial, serif;
       font-size: 1.4em;
       margin-top: 0em;
       margin-bottom: 0em;
     }
     .evt-speaker{
       font-family: 'Yanone Kaffeesatz', arial, serif;
       font-size: 1em;
     }
     .label {
       border-radius: 2px;
       font-size: 0.75em;
       color: #ffffff;
       line-height: 16px;
       padding: 0 2px;
       margin-right: 6px;
     }
     .tag1 { background: #5acc78; }
     .tag2 { background: #2196f3; }
     .tag1:before { content: "Discussion"; }
     .tag2:before { content: "Talk"; }
     hr{ margin-top: 0.3em; margin-bottom:0.3em; color:#c9c9c9;}
   </style>
   <div class="grid grid-cols-5 p-1">
    <div class="col-span-5 lg:col-span-1 evt-time">18:30 - 19:30</div>
    <div class="col-span-5 lg:col-span-4 evt-title">Free chat</div>
  </div>
  <hr/>
  <div class="grid grid-cols-5 p-1">
    <div class="col-span-5 lg:col-span-1"><span class="evt-time">19:30 - 21:00</span></div>
    <div class="col-span-5 lg:col-span-2">
       <div class="evt-title">modmesh discussion and training</div>
       <div>1. Use Bezier curve to fit NACA 4-digit airfoil</div>
       <div>2. Prototype profiler object serialization using JSON</div>
       <div>3. Design operator in SimpleArray</div>
       <div>4. Build modmesh</div>
       <div>5. Make a simple PR for modmesh</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-span-5 lg:col-span-2">
       <div class="evt-title">RoAG development</div>
       <div>1. Configure the LLM api service and prompt.</div>
       <div>2. Develop the general format of the model.</div>
       <div>3. Develop the render engine.</div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <hr/>
  <div class="grid grid-cols-5 p-1">
    <div class="col-span-5 lg:col-span-1 evt-time">21:00 - 21:30</div>
    <div class="col-span-5 lg:col-span-4 evt-title">Free chat</div>
  </div>


|

Subjects
------------------

modmesh discussion and training
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

discussion
^^^^^^^^^^^^

In the discussion session, 
we will discuss the following topics simultaneously, 
and you can choose the topic you are interested in.

1. `Use Bezier curve to fit NACA 4-digit airfoil <https://github.com/solvcon/modmesh/issues/320>`__
2. `Prototype profiler object serialization using JSON <https://github.com/solvcon/modmesh/issues/343>`__
3. `Design the operator in SimpleArray <https://github.com/solvcon/modmesh/issues/514>`__ 

training
^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you are interested in the `modmesh project <https://github.com/solvcon/modmesh>`__, 
but you are not familiar with the project, 
we also have a training session for you, 
and you can learn part of the following skills.

1. Setting up and demonstrating modmesh.
2. Basics of Git and GitHub.
3. Writing Pybind11 and Unittest.
4. Fundamentals of CMake, GNU Make, and GitHub Workflow.


RoAG development
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
If you like the LLM and graphics,
don't miss this session.

In this session, we will discuss the following topic:  

1. Configure the LLM api service and prompt.
2. Develop the general format of the model.
3. Develop the render engine.


free chat
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

In this session, you could discuss any topic you are interested in. 
Additionally, we will discuss the following items to prepare the upcoming events.

* Task arrangement for volunteers
* Promotion plan for upcoming events, including scisprint and next meetup
* The schedule of the projects


|

Sign up
------------

The meetup is free. 
Please register on `discord event <https://discord.com/channels/730297880140578906/1007075707400237067/1365264508964175913>`__. 
Click the green check mark to participate the meetup.

If you are using the discord app, you can find current event in the `meetup channel <https://discordapp.com/channels/730297880140578906/1007075707400237067>`__. 
All recent sciwork event are at the top of the left sidebar.

|

About Meetup
------------

Meetup is an event providing space for people to work on open source
projects together. We welcome any subjects that may interest the attendees,
and especially encourage code for science, engineering, and technology, which
demand more critical discussions than other applications of computer
programming.

We would like to provide a supportive and friendly environment for all
attendees to support more developers to join in the open-source communities.

To join the meetup, please bring your laptop and `sign up <#sign-up>`__. Please
`contact us <#contact-us>`__ if you have any questions.

|

Venue
-----

The meetup venue is at `國立陽明交通大學 工程三館 3 樓 329 室 (Room 329, Engineering Building 3, NYCU) <https://goo.gl/maps/TgDYwohB3CBmQgww9>`__.

.. raw:: html

  <div style="overflow:hidden; padding-bottom:56.25%; position:relative; height:0;">
    <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d905.5596639949631!2d120.99673777209487!3d24.787280157478236!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x3468360f96adabd7%3A0xedfd1ba0fa6c6bf7!2z5ZyL56uL6Zm95piO5Lqk6YCa5aSn5a24IOW3peeoi-S4iemkqA!5e0!3m2!1szh-TW!2stw!4v1678519228058!5m2!1szh-TW!2stw"
      style="left:0; top:0; height:100%; width:100%; position:absolute; border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">
    </iframe>
  </div>

Contact us
----------

* sciwork: https://sciwork.dev/
* discord: https://discord.gg/6MAkFrD
* email: `contact@sciwork.dev (subject: I want to lead a project in scisprint) <mailto:contact@sciwork.dev?subject=[sciwork]%20I%20want%20to%20lead%20a%20project%20in%20scisprint>`__
* flickr: https://www.flickr.com/photos/sciwork/albums
