===============================================================
Meetup 2023 September 20th in NYCU (do-unknown-things training)
===============================================================

:date: 2023-08-31 13:00
:url: meetup/2023/0920-nycu
:save_as: meetup/2023/0920-nycu.html


Date
-----

* Date: September 20th, 2023
* Time: 18:30 -- 21:30 (3 hours)

|

Agenda
--------

* 18:30-19:00 Checking in
* 19:00-20:30 Training
* 20:30-21:30 Meeting/ Free discussion

|

Subjects
------------------

Training: do unknown things
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Speaker: 
Yung-Yu - A numerical analyst and HPC software architect.  He has experience in
different application domains, including computational fluid dynamics (CFD) and
computational lithography.  Yung-Yu is currently `working
<https://www.linkedin.com/in/yungyuc/>`__ as a technologist of OPC at Synopsys,
and spending some time `teaching
<https://yyc.solvcon.net/en/latest/nsd/index.html>`__ software development for
engineering at NYCU.  He has contributed to the Python community for many years
and is a PSF fellow.

In this training, Yung-Yu will talk about practical practices that are applied to general 
scenario, from your research to your career. You will be trained on how to work 
out unknown things and improve your skills in framing problems and conducting these tasks.

Meeting: prepare September scisprint
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Additionally, we will discuss the following items for preparing September scisprint. 

* Task arrangement for volunteers
* Promotion plan for September scisprint

|

Sign up
------------

The event is free. Please register on `kktix
<https://sciwork.kktix.cc/events/meetup-20230920>`__.

|

About Meetup
------------

Meetup is an event providing space for people to work on open source
projects together. We welcome any subjects that may interest the attendees,
and especially encourage code for science, engineering, and technology, which
demand more critical discussions than other applications of computer
programming.

We would like to provide a supportive and friendly environment for all 
attendees to support more developers to join in the open-source communities. 

To join the meetup, please bring your laptop and `sign up <#sign-up>`__. Please
`contact us <#contact-us>`__ if you have any questions.

|

Venue
-----

`國立陽明交通大學 工程三館 3 樓 329 室 (Room 329, Engineering Building 3, NYCU)
<https://goo.gl/maps/TgDYwohB3CBmQgww9>`__.

.. raw:: html

  <div style="overflow:hidden; padding-bottom:56.25%; position:relative; height:0;">
    <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d905.5596639949631!2d120.99673777209487!3d24.787280157478236!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x3468360f96adabd7%3A0xedfd1ba0fa6c6bf7!2z5ZyL56uL6Zm95piO5Lqk6YCa5aSn5a24IOW3peeoi-S4iemkqA!5e0!3m2!1szh-TW!2stw!4v1678519228058!5m2!1szh-TW!2stw" 
      style="left:0; top:0; height:100%; width:100%; position:absolute; border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">
    </iframe>
  </div>

Contact us
----------

* Discord: https://discord.gg/6MAkFrD
* Email: `contact@sciwork.dev (subject: I want to lead a project in meetup)
  <mailto:contact@sciwork.dev?subject=[sciwork]%20I%20want%20to%20lead%20a%20project%20in%20scisprint>`__
