========================================
Meetup 2023 November 8th in NYCU
========================================

:date: 2023-11-01 20:40
:url: meetup/2023/1108-nycu
:save_as: meetup/2023/1108-nycu.html

Date
-----

* Date: November 8th, 2023
* Time: 18:30 -- 21:30 (3 hours)

|

Agenda
--------

* 18:30-19:00 Free discussion
* 19:00-20:30 Review nsd term project
* 20:30-21:30 Discussion: Sciwork activity process automation

|

Subjects
------------------

Review nsd term project
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

If you are the students who have partitipated in numerical software development course in NYCU, you can join this 
meetup to review your term project. This time will be mainly focused on student term project discussions. At the 
same time, others are welcome to discuss and give feedback.

During 7:00pm ~ 8:30pm, there are 6 time slots of 15 minutes to discuss of your projects. Please sign up at 
`Calender <https://calendar.app.google/eyp6vYiEWwStdd5f7>`__.

Discussion: Sciwork activity process automation
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Meetup events are important within the Sciwork community, serving as hubs for discussions and knowledges sharing. 
We are excited to announce a special meetup where we'll delve into the realm of process automation, leveraging 
the power of CI/CD and cutting-edge IT skills to enhance the Sciwork event experience.

If you have a passion for Sciwork events, are interesting in CI/CD practices, and have keen interest in process 
automation, we extend a warm welcome to join us for this enlightening discussion.

November scisprint
-----------------------------------------

In addition to the meetup, sciwork is also holding the scisprint at National Tsing Hua University.

Scisprint is a monthly coding sprint. It would like to facilitate discussions and exchanges among 
people in the fields of science, numerical computation, and engineering. You are also welcome to 
bring your project and discuss it.

explore more about the scisprint and projects: `November scisprint <https://sciwork.dev/sprint/2023/11-hsinchu>`__ .

Sign up the November scisprint at `kktix <https://sciwork.kktix.cc/events/scisprint-202311-hsinchu>`__ .

|

Sign up
------------

The meetup is free. Please register on `discord event
<https://discordapp.com/channels/730297880140578906/1007075707400237067/1169299435185000528>`__.
Click the green check mark to participate the meetup.

If you are using the discord app, you can find this event in the `meetup channel <https://discordapp.com/channels/730297880140578906/1007075707400237067>`__. 
All recent sciwork event at the top of the left sidebar.

If you want to join the `Review nsd term project <#review-nsd-term-project>`__. Please sign up at `Calender <https://calendar.app.google/eyp6vYiEWwStdd5f7>`__.

|

About Meetup
------------

Meetup is an event providing space for people to work on open source
projects together. We welcome any subjects that may interest the attendees,
and especially encourage code for science, engineering, and technology, which
demand more critical discussions than other applications of computer
programming.

We would like to provide a supportive and friendly environment for all
attendees to support more developers to join in the open-source communities.

To join the meetup, please bring your laptop and `sign up <#sign-up>`__. Please
`contact us <#contact-us>`__ if you have any questions.

|

Venue
-----

`國立陽明交通大學 工程三館 3 樓 329 室 (Room 329, Engineering Building 3, NYCU)
<https://goo.gl/maps/TgDYwohB3CBmQgww9>`__.

.. raw:: html

  <div style="overflow:hidden; padding-bottom:56.25%; position:relative; height:0;">
    <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d905.5596639949631!2d120.99673777209487!3d24.787280157478236!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x3468360f96adabd7%3A0xedfd1ba0fa6c6bf7!2z5ZyL56uL6Zm95piO5Lqk6YCa5aSn5a24IOW3peeoi-S4iemkqA!5e0!3m2!1szh-TW!2stw!4v1678519228058!5m2!1szh-TW!2stw"
      style="left:0; top:0; height:100%; width:100%; position:absolute; border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">
    </iframe>
  </div>

Contact us
----------

* Discord: https://discord.gg/6MAkFrD
* Email: `contact@sciwork.dev (subject: I want to lead a project in meetup)
  <mailto:contact@sciwork.dev?subject=[sciwork]%20I%20want%20to%20lead%20a%20project%20in%20scisprint>`__