========================================
Meetup 2023 November 15th in NYCU
========================================

:date: 2023-11-13 21:24
:url: meetup/2023/1115-nycu
:save_as: meetup/2023/1115-nycu.html

Date
-----

* Date: November 15th, 2023
* Time: 18:30 -- 21:30 (3 hours)

|

Agenda
--------

* 18:30-19:30 Free discussion
* 19:30-20:30 Sciwork activity process automation discussion
* 20:30-21:30 Free discussion

|

Subjects
------------------

Sciwork activity process automation discussion
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Meetup events are important within the Sciwork community, serving as hubs for discussions and knowledges sharing. 
We are excited to announce a special meetup where we'll delve into the realm of process automation, leveraging 
the power of CI/CD and cutting-edge IT skills to enhance the Sciwork event experience.

If you have a passion for Sciwork events, are interesting in CI/CD practices, and have keen interest in process 
automation, we extend a warm welcome to join us for this enlightening discussion.

Sciwork Conference 2023
-----------------------------------------

In 2023, sciwork will hold a conference to provide a physical venue to showcase how programming languages are used 
for scientific and engineering applications and their best practices. In addtion to scientific computing and high-performance 
computing, we also emphasize data management, process, analytics, and visualization.

explore more about the sciwork conference 2023: `sciwork 2023 <https://conf.sciwork.dev/>`__ .

Sign up the sciwork conference 2023 at `kktix <https://sciwork.kktix.cc/events/sciworkconf-202312-hsinchu>`__ .

|

Sign up
------------

The meetup is free. Please register on `discord event
<https://discordapp.com/channels/730297880140578906/1007075707400237067/1171809260825493514>`__.
Click the green check mark to participate the meetup.

If you are using the discord app, you can find this event in the `meetup channel <https://discordapp.com/channels/730297880140578906/1007075707400237067>`__. 
All recent sciwork event at the top of the left sidebar.

|

About Meetup
------------

Meetup is an event providing space for people to work on open source
projects together. We welcome any subjects that may interest the attendees,
and especially encourage code for science, engineering, and technology, which
demand more critical discussions than other applications of computer
programming.

We would like to provide a supportive and friendly environment for all
attendees to support more developers to join in the open-source communities.

To join the meetup, please bring your laptop and `sign up <#sign-up>`__. Please
`contact us <#contact-us>`__ if you have any questions.

|

Venue
-----

`國立陽明交通大學 工程三館 3 樓 329 室 (Room 329, Engineering Building 3, NYCU)
<https://goo.gl/maps/TgDYwohB3CBmQgww9>`__.

.. raw:: html

  <div style="overflow:hidden; padding-bottom:56.25%; position:relative; height:0;">
    <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d905.5596639949631!2d120.99673777209487!3d24.787280157478236!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x3468360f96adabd7%3A0xedfd1ba0fa6c6bf7!2z5ZyL56uL6Zm95piO5Lqk6YCa5aSn5a24IOW3peeoi-S4iemkqA!5e0!3m2!1szh-TW!2stw!4v1678519228058!5m2!1szh-TW!2stw"
      style="left:0; top:0; height:100%; width:100%; position:absolute; border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">
    </iframe>
  </div>

Contact us
----------

* Discord: https://discord.gg/6MAkFrD
* Email: `contact@sciwork.dev (subject: I want to lead a project in meetup)
  <mailto:contact@sciwork.dev?subject=[sciwork]%20I%20want%20to%20lead%20a%20project%20in%20scisprint>`__