=====
about
=====

:url: about
:save_as: about.html

Contact us
==========

* Twitter: https://twitter.com/sciwork
* Discord: https://discord.gg/6MAkFrD
* Email: contact@sciwork.dev

Organizers
==========

Yung-Yu Chen
------------

Yung-Yu is a numerical analyst and HPC software architect.  He has experience in
different application domains, including computational fluid dynamics (CFD) and
computational lithography.  Yung-Yu is currently `working
<https://www.linkedin.com/in/yungyuc/>`__ as a technologist of OPC at Synopsys,
and spending some time `teaching
<https://yyc.solvcon.net/en/latest/nsd/index.html>`__ software development for
engineering at NYCU.  He has contributed to the Python community for many years
and is a PSF fellow.

Shu-Hsi Lin
-----------

Shu-Hsi is a data engineer, python programmer, and computational biologist.  He
currently `manages <https://www.linkedin.com/in/shu-hsi-lin-48262b54/>`__ a team
for data engineering at Micron.  He has broad interests in software/data
architecture, IoT applications, cloud/web services, and engineer culture, and
spends a lot of time sharing his insights about the data engineering field
online and offline.

Robert Lin
----------

Robert is an EDA (electronic design automation) engineer focusing on STA (static
timing analysis) and customer engagement, and works at Google.  He collaborated
with many IC design houses in Taiwan and led the very first customer lending for
multiple products.  Robert also contributed to PyCon Taiwan as an organizing
team leader.

Chester Cheng
-------------

Chester is a programmer and DevOps engineer with expertise in automation,
containerization, CI/CD, and cloud computing.  Currently, he leads a team to
ensure the quality and reliability of the entire networking system including SDK
(Switch Development Kit) and SONiC (Software for Open Networking in the Cloud).
Chester is passionate about open-source projects, and contributes to the `Open
Traffic Generator <https://github.com/open-traffic-generator>`__ project.

Related links
=============

* `Sciwork (conference) 2020 (cancelled) <https://conf.sciwork.dev/2020>`__.
